hi guys um welcome to another slingshot
review this one is on a true mark as
nine tapered bands um it's a pretty nice
long shot but this ammo thing um is on
the other s mine which is two marks
standard pull bands on me just slide
this down and the chemicals out but it
only it only gives out really small ammo
um this is true marks smallest bullets
that they sell so if you want to hold
their other bullets not really possible
and we need to get all the way down
there when you put it all the way down
it comes in half that you can see the
the line where that happens and the fork
is made out of steel won't rust comes
with all these bullets and more that's
awesome it also comes with 303 aerospace
protected robert irvine or fiberglass
tire is plastic leather and i'm not open
arms that weird um SPF 40 for your stuff
um but and the pouch is white it's dirty
really easily only have this thing for
like three days it's already pretty
dirty and that happens when you shoot
Copperhead beauties and what I really
don't like um um in inconvenience in
this song shot I had it for like four
days or three days
said before this is already ripping but
it's not really a problem for me because
I just cut it a little shorter and then
I um make you go through the hole and
then tie a string around it really tight
and then it usually stays like that
pretty for a pretty long time I'm
finally taking these bands off this one
and I'm going to be putting them on this
my marshman may have seen it before um
so that's it with this thing shot review
um if you have any questions or comments
just put them in the comment box below
all right oh that's it so I'll see you
later on please subscribe i'll see the
next video